# CS-340

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use   this CRUD Python module in the future?
  I always try to write modular code that can be used in a very versatile way for multiple programs. For instance, in this project, my CRUD file was the same file I used all semester for project 1 and 2. I only had to update one function to get it to work properly with project 2. In the future I could use this CRUD Python module to update the dashboard to delete and update records in the database. The code is already in the module it is just not used in the final dashboard code.

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  I think the best approach to any problem is to work at it one step at a time. Plan what you are going to do and do that. If you don't know the answer a little research is always good. This project differed because it was my first look into coding with databases. I had to do a lot of learning beforehand so I could properly set up the project for the client's needs. I definitely want to learn more about databases and working with them so I can better help other client requests. 

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer scientist design and implement computer-based applications and systems for clients. They help streamline and make computer opperations more efficient for the company. This matters because time is money and the less time you spend per project the more money you make down the road. For this particular project, this dashboard could save Grazioso Salvare hours of work trying to find the right rescue dog for a job. With this application they can quickly find whatever rescue dog they need with the click of a button. They get the location, breed, and age, so they can begin training dogs immediately. They can devote more people to training, rather than have people out looking for dogs in shelters, leading to more rescue dogs.
